README.md, before:

# Apollo 11 Moon Landing
The purpose of this website is to give information as to the overall moon landing mission, while also giving information on the history and the main crew involved. The site is particularly aimed at the younger audience as well as novices, in this field of study and will be useful for them to gain basic knowledge with links to help them further.

![Multi Website Mock Up](/assets/images/mock-up.png)

# -Features-
- Nav Bar:
  * Fully Responsive bar that is visible and is the same layout on each page. The bar shows links that lead to the Home, History, Biographies, and the Gallery page.
  * This section allows for a higher UX as users can easily flow through to the different pages on across all devices.

![Active Nav Bar with a thin golden bar underneath](/assets/images/nav-bar.png)
![Active Nav Bar with a link next to it highlighted with a thicker line underneath](/assets/images/nav-bar2.png)

- Landing Page:
  * The page includes both internal & an audio link.
  * The internal link allows users to navigate to a differernt page easier. The audio link gives users control to listen to actual audio from the mssion. 

![Audio player ](/assets/images/audio-link.png)
![Links to internal pages](/assets/images/internal-link.png)

- History page:
  * The history page, has external links in text boxes.
  * These features allow users to navigate to external sites easier.

  ![Links to external pages via names of individuals](/assets/images/external-links.png)

- Biographies:
  * This section features a scroll bar.
  * This helps users view the content with a static page, focusing on the information.

  ![Scroll bar on right side of the text box](/assets/images/scroll-bar.png)

- Gallery:
  * The gallery page has a block of relevant images, set into the masonry design with a zoom feature.
  * This allows users to focus on indivdual images.

![Images decending down the screen in two columns](/assets/images/gallery-picture.png)
![Images decending downwards, on picture zoomed in when hovered over ](/assets/images/gallery2.png)

- Footer:
   * The footer gives links, that open in new tabs for greater navigation, to external sources of information or social media.
   * The footer allows the user to gain more information on events or people and stay connected on social media.

![Links to relevant external sites](/assets/images/footer.png)
![Links to surround events and information](/assets/images/footer-2.png)
![links to personal biographies](/assets/images/footer-3.png)
![Links to social media sits ](/assets/images/footer-4.png)

# -Testing-
- The webpage was tested through Google Chrome Developer through-out and was inspecting the change depending on the size of the screen and still allowing content to be seen.

- All links tested to see if they went to the correct location and all action elements i.e scroll bar and media were checked to work as intended.

- All HTML and CSS code were placed through the validator and errors were found on multiple passes through, where multiple wrong or unnecessary tags that were changed, removed, or relocated to fix the problems.

- Tested through lighthouse in Dev Tools.

![lighthouse result](/assets/images/lighthouse-result.png)

## Validator Testing-
  - HTML
    * No errors returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/)

  ![Home page validator result](/assets/images/index-validator.png)
  ![History page validator result](/assets/images/history-validator.png)
  ![Biographies page validator result](/assets/images/bio-validator.png)
  ![Gallery page validator result](/assets/images/gallery-validator.png)

  - CSS
    * No errors returned when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  ![css validator result](/assets/images/css-validator.png)

# -Deployment-
- The site was deployed to Github pages.
- Live link to page can be found her - -link-

## Web browsers Used-
 - Chrome 
 - Firefox

## Devices Used-
 - 12th Gen Intel (R) Core TM i7-12700F - Desktop
 - Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-8550U CPU - Laptop
 - Dell Inspiron i5 3000 - Latop
 - Samsung a52 s - Mobile
 - Samsung Galaxy s20 5g- Mobile

# -Credits-
## Content
  - The text on the Home page was taken and reworded from [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/apollo/apollo11.html) 
  - The text from the History page was taken and reworded from [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/apollo/missions/index.html), [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/moon-landing-1969)
  - The Biographies pages have text taken and reworded from these sites:
    - Neil A. Armstrong - [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/centers/glenn/about/bios/neilabio.html), [Wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Armstrong) & [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/neil-armstrong).
    - Edwin E. 'Buzz' Aldrin - [BuzzAldrin.com](https://buzzaldrin.com/biography/), [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/buzz-aldrin) & [Wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buzz_Aldrin).
    - Michael Collins - [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/astronautprofiles/collins/), [wehackthemoon.com](https://wehackthemoon.com/bios/michael-collins) & [wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Collins_(astronaut)).
  - Instructions for scrolling and zoom on hover was taken from [W3School](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_pos_overflow.php).
  - The icons in the footer were taken from [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
  - [teamtreehouse.com](https://teamtreehouse.com/community/element-a-not-allowed-as-a-child-of-element-ul-in-this-context) gave help with css coding on an unordered list.
  - Template for the code to design the website and various features came from tutorials and lessons on the [Code Institute Fullstack Developer Course](https://codeinstitute.net/).
  - Mentor meetings gave me more insight on how to improve upon my ideas.
  - Other students on the Code Insitiute course through the [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/get-started#/createnew) website.

  ## Media
  - The photos used are from Open source sites [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/) , [NASA.org](https://www.nasa.gov/) , [history.nasa.gov](https://history.nasa.gov/ap11ann/kippsphotos/apollo.html) & [space.com](https://www.space.com/apollo-11-astronauts-quarantined-after-splashdown.html)
  - The audio was taken from [NASA.org](https://www.nasa.gov/wav/62284main_onesmall2.wav)

Commit message:

Added bugs fixed and unfixed to README.md.

README.md, after:

# Apollo 11 Moon Landing
The purpose of this website is to give information as to the overall moon landing mission, while also giving information on the history and the main crew involved. The site is particularly aimed at the younger audience as well as novices, in this field of study and will be useful for them to gain basic knowledge with links to help them further.

![Multi Website Mock Up](/assets/images/mock-up.png)

# -Features-
- Nav Bar:
  * Fully Responsive bar that is visible and is the same layout on each page. The bar shows links that lead to the Home, History, Biographies, and the Gallery page.
  * This section allows for a higher UX as users can easily flow through to the different pages on across all devices.

![Active Nav Bar with a thin golden bar underneath](/assets/images/nav-bar.png)
![Active Nav Bar with a link next to it highlighted with a thicker line underneath](/assets/images/nav-bar2.png)

- Landing Page:
  * The page includes both internal & an audio link.
  * The internal link allows users to navigate to a differernt page easier. The audio link gives users control to listen to actual audio from the mssion. 

![Audio player ](/assets/images/audio-link.png)
![Links to internal pages](/assets/images/internal-link.png)

- History page:
  * The history page, has external links in text boxes.
  * These features allow users to navigate to external sites easier.

  ![Links to external pages via names of individuals](/assets/images/external-links.png)

- Biographies:
  * This section features a scroll bar.
  * This helps users view the content with a static page, focusing on the information.

  ![Scroll bar on right side of the text box](/assets/images/scroll-bar.png)

- Gallery:
  * The gallery page has a block of relevant images, set into the masonry design with a zoom feature.
  * This allows users to focus on indivdual images.

![Images decending down the screen in two columns](/assets/images/gallery-picture.png)
![Images decending downwards, on picture zoomed in when hovered over ](/assets/images/gallery2.png)

- Footer:
   * The footer gives links, that open in new tabs for greater navigation, to external sources of information or social media.
   * The footer allows the user to gain more information on events or people and stay connected on social media.

![Links to relevant external sites](/assets/images/footer.png)
![Links to surround events and information](/assets/images/footer-2.png)
![links to personal biographies](/assets/images/footer-3.png)
![Links to social media sits ](/assets/images/footer-4.png)

# -Testing-
- Google Chrome Developer was used through-out building and was inspecting the change of the screen size and still allowing content to be seen.

- All links tested to see if they went to the correct location and all action elements i.e scroll bar and media were checked to work as intended.

- All HTML and CSS code were placed through the validator and errors were found on multiple passes through, where multiple wrong or unnecessary tags that were changed, removed, or relocated to fix the problems.

- Tested through lighthouse in Dev Tools.

![lighthouse result](/assets/images/lighthouse-result.png)

## Bugs fixed

- On deployment it was found that on a lower screen size, images and text boxes were not properly aligned, so styling were added in the css to correct this.

## Bugs unfixed

- Scaling to the hero images couldnt be achieved

## Validator Testing-
  - HTML
    * No errors returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/)

  ![Home page validator result](/assets/images/index-validator.png)
  ![History page validator result](/assets/images/history-validator.png)
  ![Biographies page validator result](/assets/images/bio-validator.png)
  ![Gallery page validator result](/assets/images/gallery-validator.png)

  - CSS
    * No errors returned when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  ![css validator result](/assets/images/css-validator.png)

# -Deployment-
- The site was deployed to Github pages.
- Live link to page can be found here -https://0w3nm.github.io/html-css-portfolio1-Moon-Landing/

## Web browsers Used-
 - Chrome 
 - Firefox

## Devices Used-
 - 12th Gen Intel (R) Core TM i7-12700F - Desktop
 - Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-8550U CPU - Laptop
 - Dell Inspiron i5 3000 - Latop
 - Samsung a52 s - Mobile
 - Samsung Galaxy s20 5g- Mobile

# -Credits-
## Content
  - The text on the Home page was taken and reworded from [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/apollo/apollo11.html) 
  - The text from the History page was taken and reworded from [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/apollo/missions/index.html), [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/moon-landing-1969)
  - The Biographies pages have text taken and reworded from these sites:
    - Neil A. Armstrong - [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/centers/glenn/about/bios/neilabio.html), [Wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Armstrong) & [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/neil-armstrong).
    - Edwin E. 'Buzz' Aldrin - [BuzzAldrin.com](https://buzzaldrin.com/biography/), [History.com](https://www.history.com/topics/space-exploration/buzz-aldrin) & [Wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buzz_Aldrin).
    - Michael Collins - [NASA.gov](https://www.nasa.gov/astronautprofiles/collins/), [wehackthemoon.com](https://wehackthemoon.com/bios/michael-collins) & [wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Collins_(astronaut)).
  - Instructions for scrolling and zoom on hover was taken from [W3School](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_pos_overflow.php).
  - The icons in the footer were taken from [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
  - [teamtreehouse.com](https://teamtreehouse.com/community/element-a-not-allowed-as-a-child-of-element-ul-in-this-context) gave help with css coding on an unordered list.
  - Template for the code to design the website and various features came from tutorials and lessons on the [Code Institute Fullstack Developer Course](https://codeinstitute.net/).
  - Mentor meetings gave me more insight on how to improve upon my ideas.
  - Other students on the Code Insitiute course through the [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/get-started#/createnew) website.

  ## Media
  - The photos used are from Open source sites [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/) , [NASA.org](https://www.nasa.gov/) , [history.nasa.gov](https://history.nasa.gov/ap11ann/kippsphotos/apollo.html) & [space.com](https://www.space.com/apollo-11-astronauts-quarantined-after-splashdown.html)
  - The audio was taken from [NASA.org](https://www.nasa.gov/wav/62284main_onesmall2.wav)
